Women are accomplished at mobilizing diverse groups for frequent causes. They often work across racial, sacred, opinionated, and intellectual divides to encourage tranquillity.We are aware of importance of women's security, but we must recognize that they should be well secured. A Woman is not much powerful when compared to men physically, in a crisis situation and needs a helping hand to relieve them. The best way to minimize chances in becoming a victim of violent crime (robbery, sexual assault, rape, domestic violence) is to identify and call on resources to help you out of unsafe situations. Whether you are in instant trouble or got separated from friends during night and do not know how to get home, having these apps on your phone can diminish your risk and bring assistance when you require it. In the light of recent outrage in Delhi which shook the nation and woke us to the safety issues for our daughters, public are gearing upbeat in different ways to fight back. A swarm of new apps have been developed to provide security systems to women on their phones. Here, we introduce an android app that ensures the safety of women. It reduces the risk and helps us in need by identifying the location of person who is in danger

Objectives
As an independent nation, we must ensure respect and security of women and we cannot deny them this basic right. It is now time to initiate action to eradicate the menace of security issues with women. Violence against women remains embedded in our societies, both as a daily reality and a difficult situations .Gender justice is impossible in a world where at least one in three women faces violence in her lifetime, regardless of her culture, religion, socioeconomic class, or education level Our country can be a true democracy only when all women have the security and freedom from violence.

Comparing to existing computerized system, our system is gives more security and also System gives better user friendly environment for the users. When she shakes the mobile this system will sends message to the all nearby cells which having that application. Plays a sound if the guardian cell in silent mode. This system also send message to police station. Also our system sends alert message to police station.

